---
published: true
---
> Warmer Körper ist bald kalt Zukunft kann man nicht beschwör'n Duldet
> keinen Aufenthalt Erschaffen und sogleich zerstör'n Ich liege hier in
> deinen Armen Ach, könnt es doch für immer sein! Doch die Zeit kennt
> kein Erbarmen Schon ist der Moment vorbei

Time, have you ever really thought about this concept? It's about a couple of months since I started to contemplate the idea of time and how I've spent mine. When we are in some moments of our lives we tend to think that those moments will last forever, that those people we see every day will be there for us forever, no matter what. At least for me was like that and if you reading this and think the same, well, I have really bad news for you, my friend. The people that we take for granted in our lives usually are the most important and the worst part of all of this is the fact that when you see their real value, it's already too late. Live, love, laugh, and savor the moments you have with your parents because they probably will die way before you imagine. Appreciate the moments you can have with your girl/boyfriend, the things they do to be with you or do for you because probably will never be other people willing to do the same things for you. Say you love them whenever you can, hug them, appreciate them. Always remember, probably will be three or at maximum four people in your entire life that will truly love you.

Remember Plato's cave, don't be a prisoner of your interpretations of what reality is, go there and see what is real, feel things, allow you to see what the world can give you. Yes, you will see a lot of shit, and garbage, and filth, but when you see the true beauty that is behind all of this crap that is presented to us all entire lives, you will feel like in heaven, when you feel true love when you see how truly artistically made nature is you won't regret.

Maybe it is too late for me to experience all of this but maybe isn't for you, that's why I'm here telling you this.. go for it, sink your nails in it and make whatever you can to keep this.
