---
published: false
layout: post
---
According to stoic beliefs, the only thing that we can control in our lives is the way we see things in life only you can decide how bad and unfortunate a situation can be. Based on that, I've been trying to change my point of view on many things in life and even though the stoic paradigm makes lots of sense, I found out that this is maybe easier to say than to do.

Onto this piece of an idea, another day I was thinking about how our brains act just like a television, we receive some electromagnetic waves, some mumbo-jumbo happens inside our heads, and boom, we see things the way we see. That made me think about how hard is to not feel bad or even happy about something since feelings are not 100% in our control. Some good or bad thing happens, a chemical process starts, electromagnetic waves go all around and the final result is the feeling being generated towards an event. On that line, I tried to understand those waves and if we can "manipulate" them to not feel some stuff and what I found out is way more interesting.

Our brains have 5 types of waves: Gama, Beta, Alpha, Theta, and Delta. Their prior difference stands on their frequency. Each one of them "represents" one state of mind on our daily activities, like Gama waves, they are the most high-frequency wave and are associated with moments of the day when we are doing things like solving problems or concentrating on something. Based on that I was thinking about how we feel so attracted to some people in the same moment that we know or talk to them. So yea, perhaps isn't just that our ideas match, perhaps isn't love or a strong sense of friendship, maybe our brains are just connected on another level that we still do not comprehend.

[[https://scholar.google.com.br/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=pt-BR&user=VRw8v4kAAAAJ&cstart=20&pagesize=80&sortby=pubdate&citation_for_view=VRw8v4kAAAAJ:ILKRHgRFtOwC]]([https://scholar.google.com.br/citations?view_op=view_citation&hl=pt-BR&user=VRw8v4kAAAAJ&cstart=20&pagesize=80&sortby=pubdate&citation_for_view=VRw8v4kAAAAJ:ILKRHgRFtOwC] "cool stuff")

[[https://aura.abdn.ac.uk/bitstream/handle/2164/3110/SchilbachTimmermansEtAl_BBS_preprint.pdf?sequence=1]]([https://aura.abdn.ac.uk/bitstream/handle/2164/3110/SchilbachTimmermansEtAl_BBS_preprint.pdf?sequence=1] "more cool stuff")
