---
published: false
layout: post
---
> You're right, I hate people. Scared of them. Been scared of them
> practically my whole life. And people I loved, people I trusted, have
> done their absolute worst to me. For a long time that's all I ever
> knew. So yeah, I called my group F society. Because you know what?
> Fuck society. Society deserves to be hated for everything you said
> they did and more. Fuck every last one of them for what we've been
> through. But then, there are some people out there - and it doesn't
> happen a lot, it's rare, but they refuse to let you hate them. In
> fact, they care about you in spite of it. And the really special ones,
> they're relentless at it. Doesn't matter what you do to them. They
> take it, and care about you anyway. They don't abandon you, no matter
> how many reasons you give them. No matter how much you're practically
> begging them to leave. And you wanna know why? Because they feel
> something for me that I can't. They love me. And for all the pain I've
> been through, that heals me. Maybe not instantly, maybe not even for a
> long time. But it heals. And yeah, there are setbacks, we do fucked up
> things to each other, and we hurt each other and it gets messy, but
> that's just us. In any world you're in. And yeah you're right, we're
> all told we don't stand a chance. And yet, we stand. We break. But we
> keep going. And that is not a flaw, that's what makes us. So no, I
> will not give up on this world. And if you can't see why, then I speak
> for everyone when I say: fuck you.
